Transcript from2025-12-09T10:04:05Z
00:00:01
on why we needed it and I've included I hope it's a small amount of work but the.
00:00:06
X team chat okay yeah I can monitor that I can't help with the what's involved I think you've done a great job with that but if they're putting pressure on so.
00:00:24
it's either like we who's their manager their full manager here Jan Vanka is the manager I think she included their product owner as well have to look.
00:00:37
through roles on who's included okay is there a product manager product manager. so let's say that you don't get this I mean we just have to ensure that the, Every discovery user, the same thing that we ran into with the content repos almost,
00:01:08
where you have to also put the discovery user in the transform service role.
00:01:14
Yep. At least I haven't fully tested. There's two roles that they recommend you. One's a viewer role and one is an API access role, which we're using the viewer and we're accessing it through an API. Yeah, so I can show you what those are. So I guess, yeah, the question is, the viewer's done, I mean, done the testing we can do. Powell's tested it in that PR feature environment.
00:01:44
do we when you were out end of last week talking to you we did not want to merge it into dev, so that we don't if this is a blocker for us we don't want to block the release pipeline pushing to staging and prod for the rest of content lake to add a viewer with these requirements that we aren't sure we want so right so options are we proceed with that role requirement and we just have to deal with that for our customers for now yeah yeah or we hold off which does not.
00:02:20
meet the queue for if it's a deadline or to want to or whatever and wait for them to complete it, uh i mean we can put it behind i'd have to do a little bit more dev work because i i didn't build it behind a feature branch from the beginning or a feature uh a uh feature flag but we could, build a feature flag and put it behind that as well would be an option and we have to test both.
00:02:51
test both the standard pdf viewer and it going forward make sure we don't break stuff.
00:02:55
well for your testing was it with multiple does it look good with multiple types of documents.
00:03:01
uh we i haven't tested it on i've only been testing it on things that have already been ingested which i think is kind of our standard data sets i have an excel sheet how have you have you tested any other document types or anything i don't know if we have anything.
00:03:32
calvin that one data set i ingested had an excel sheet that you should.
00:03:35
be able to ask questions about okay and try to get a question on, Okay, I'll see if I can find it.
00:03:43
I would recommend, there should be, like, you should be able to ingest Word doc.
00:03:51
I still haven't successfully, quite a while back I tried to do some ingestion and it didn't succeed. That would definitely be somewhere to figure out how to do.
00:04:03
If you, so I've walked sales engineering through this quite a bit. Do you, if you want to set up like a half hour, I can show you how I use the CLI, my tips and tricks. And then we can, we can put some random docs in to ask questions about.
00:04:21
Okay.
00:04:21
Can you shoot for not tomorrow. 
00:04:24
Not tomorrow, sure. Yeah. And the data curation and all that supports. Other files, like chunking and stuff like that for those other file types as well? They're already good.
00:04:38
Oh, yeah. There isn't a file type I've found that they don't support.
00:04:42
Sweet.
00:04:43
I think we will need to cover the case if we aren't already for a file type that Curation supports but that we don't. We, that the viewer does not.
00:04:55
That the viewer does not.
00:04:56
And I'm fine, like, if we can have the bulk majority of, like, normal text-based documents and, like, PowerPoint. I'd love to see a PowerPoint in that viewer, you know? Sure. But having, like, the edge case for the other 500 types that we don't, that the viewer doesn't support. Having something, I don't know, pretty.
00:05:20
That would be my other concern, is just that we have, with actually merging it and proceeding it, we haven't done extensive testing yet. I mean, we're trusting that, the viewer says they support stuff, we're trusting that they do, and that we're consuming it correctly. If there is a problem, I don't know that it would really be on our end, necessarily.
00:05:37
Right, that's why I just wanted to look, yeah, right, right, I want to have confidence.
00:05:40
Yeah, I want to have confidence in it before we push this out to everybody.
00:05:46
Let me ask this, so Irina is also a great resource, I don't know if you've worked with her, but she's tested the ingestion pipelines with all those different document types. Sweet. So she may have been pointing us to that.
00:05:60
Okay, Kyle, have you worked with her before? Could you help us out with that, in testing, maybe we created a subtask or something for testing different file types with that document viewer B2PR. 
00:06:14
Okay, it's no problem.
00:06:37
So Tyler said I think Irina has already tested had some so she would have some test documents then that we can that are either already in there or that we could use to ingest okay so let's, reach out to her so so Tyler you're you think we should proceed even without their, change or do you want to hold off for now and see how this conversation goes I.
00:07:04
want to I I think that we should let the whole convergence strategy be pushed forward regardless first and then us being able to come in afterwards.
00:07:19
So you mean like wait till after Content Lake, that Convergent, Agent Builder is all out the door. Yeah. And then wait till later for Document Viewer.
00:07:27
Okay. Yes, that would be my... So my also gut initial reaction is, don't hold me to this. My initial reaction is, let's push it forward after the whole Convergence is done. Let's push it forward despite these weird permissions, but be able to document it appropriately. Until we get a hard commitment from them to adjust.
00:07:56
Okay. I'm on board with that. I think that means we still want to keep it out of the dev branch unless we put it behind a feature flag.
00:08:05
For now.
00:08:06
Because we don't want to block that pipeline. I'm also a little not sure. At this point, we've been thinking the integration would be out the door. by now i have until the until the 18th is my last day for the end of the year 19th mine yeah so, that's not a lot of time if there is something and then for us to follow up with the document viewer as well so that's where i'm wondering dude well i'm not going to be doing anything with it.
00:08:38
i'm not going to be doing anything with it after the 18th anyways until the new year, okay um i will like if it's not done by then i will be announcing to our users that it's ready so.
00:08:49
okay i just want to make sure and make clear that you're okay with this slipping to january, yeah it's basically ready but given the timing and that you don't want it to go out with the the main integration with agent builder and constantly it's looking likely that unless it goes out together it will be.
00:09:13
january yeah no i understand so this one i think i that makes sense like i i don't have anyone like hovering around me saying i need this by the end of the year okay conversational ux i do which is.
00:09:27
even trickier yeah so that one we are working on right now yeah camille has started uh jeff is off and i'm gonna help i'm gonna switch over from the viewer stuff to that um the you probably saw the conversation with uh michael in ux on that uh filtering attributes that didn't get quite wrapped up before jeff is out but uh conversational is a higher priority so i'm gonna help with that as.
00:10:00
much as i can okay is jeff out for the year yes lovely they love watching that 18 years or however long he's been here huh yeah.
00:10:10
yeah he pulled off a full like four week that's great and you know what i would not put it past jeff at all so good for him yeah yeah basically sabbatical yeah uh so uh sounds good those are the my kind of i mean those are the three things we have in flight right now uh and i think that's kind of the most important thing to focus on um so uh camille how are you guys taking time off for.
00:10:44
holidays uh yeah i'm off from the 19th the 19th as well okay absolutely okay awesome well then sounds good because if you if you were working longer i was going to try to make sure there was enough tickets for you to be able to pick up while we were gone um but it sounds like we're just going to be all out about the same time so that works out pretty well.
00:11:12
I will say I've started to add epics to the Epic board. I've tried to put in, they're essentially placeholders right now with customer feedback that I want to analyze more. And I even, I think Calvin, you were on like one or two of those calls already. So not that the APIs are there already yet. I'm just trying to collect the general concepts so that we can prioritize them alongside the backend guys.
00:11:39
And that's been something we've been working on. And I think lately more successful at is working together with the Java's team. Yeah. So hopefully, yeah, we can plan through those and prioritize those together and plan out stuff. A couple of smaller things that have popped up. I mean, I saw Simon's question this morning about the agent name that might require that only changed. Yeah. Yeah, it'll probably require some front-end changes to express that.
00:12:11
The API probably needs to enforce it, but we'll probably need a small front-end change to communicate that to the user. The other thing was with guardrails. I guess they enabled guardrails and disabled them because we weren't able to successfully ask any questions yesterday. Lovely. Okay, all guardrails? Well, they said they tested it, and they went through a list of questions, and I tried an exact same agent and questioned that they had already tested,
00:12:43
and for me, I couldn't get an answer. And Simon said the reason was guardrails blocking it, and so we're not sure exactly what caused that. Through that, though, we realized that we're not returning any different error code or status code for guardrails causing an answer to fail than just a standard error, and so that's pretty confusing to users. And so I think, I don't know if we have a guardrails ethic or not, but I think that's something, I don't know how much we need to do on the front end for guardrails, but I think that's something that is needed.
00:13:17
So we'll need a ticket for that.
00:13:19
Yeah, that's the tricky piece that I've, that's the tricky piece that we've been balancing with UX, right, is guardrails aren't like, I would love if they just gave us a guardrails configuration component or page that we could plunk into Discovery for configuring them that we don't own because we shouldn't own it because it's not ours, you know, so.
00:13:47
Sure. I mean, I'm not opposed to owning it either, but yeah, there's the UI side of the configuration, but specifically if we're going to enable any. Kind of guardrails, pre-configured or hard-coded or whatever, like we need to communicate to the user. when that's causing a failure versus just some kind of system failure.
00:14:04
We used to. That used to come back saying the guardrail has been triggered.
00:14:08
But it's not. It wasn't Monday. It wasn't yesterday. And Simon recognized that that was a case.
00:14:19
Agent Builder and guardrails has been, I think, a very tumultuous relationship. From my understanding, at least.
00:14:29
Sounds good. There's some other things we can talk about for the future, but it's probably more into Q1. And I'm good with that for today's meeting. Anybody else? Did you have any topics or anything you wanted to go over. 
00:14:41
No, I'm just getting back. I was in Puerto Rico all week. I have to do stuff with Pendo. I have a big Pendo presentation, so that's fun. And then I have to work on my check-ins. Nothing really pertinent to you guys yet. This week, though, I am going to have to lock in the Q1 and Q2-ish roadmaps, so you can kind of expect that. But it's getting more clarity on that this week, maybe next.
00:15:11
Okay. Yeah, I'm curious where we fall with, I mean, a little bit, mainly the workspace stuff.
00:15:22
Yeah, I know. Yeah.
00:15:25
Feel free if you want to chat through anything as you're making those roadmaps and get feedback, I'm happy to jump on any time. To, like, what's required for anything or chat through anything.
00:15:36
Yeah, that would actually be super helpful. Yeah, because the workspace one's fun.
00:15:42
Yeah. Cool. All right. Emil, Powell, anything? No.
00:15:51
Oh. Totally wasting time. Uh, different, uh, parts, uh, viewer.
00:16:01
Okay. Cool. Thanks for helping out with that. Bailey, you have anything? Awesome. Well, thanks, everybody. Call it a little bit early, but we've got a plan for here through Christmas, so. There we go. Pick up from there. Awesome. See you guys. Thanks, everybody. See y'all. Thanks. Bye-bye.
Summary: 
Date & Time: 2025-12-09 15:04:05
Location: [Insert Location]
Attendees: [Insert Attendee Names]
## 1. Document Viewer Implementation Strategy
### Conclusion
The team decided to delay the release of the new Document Viewer feature until after the main Content Lake and Agent Builder convergence integration is complete, likely pushing the release to January. The feature will be kept out of the main 'dev' branch for now to avoid blocking the release pipeline. If necessary, it will be placed behind a feature flag. The team will proceed with the current role requirements for the viewer, documenting them for users, while waiting for a commitment from the other team to make adjustments.
### Plan
- [ ] Schedule a 30-minute meeting to demonstrate CLI usage for ingesting various document types for testing. -- *Tyler* *Calvin Christie* After tomorrow
- [ ] Create a subtask to test different file types with the new document viewer. -- *Calvin Christie*
- [ ] Reach out to Irina to access her test documents across various file types. -- *Calvin Christie* *Kyle*
### Discussion Points
1. [Tyler]: We must ensure every discovery user is also assigned the transform service role, similar to the issue with content repos.
2. [Calvin Christie]: The current implementation requires both a 'viewer' role and an 'API access' role; we need to decide whether to proceed with this requirement or wait for the other team to change it.
3. [Calvin Christie]: We should not merge the feature into the 'dev' branch yet to avoid blocking the Content Lake release pipeline if the viewer's role requirements become a blocker.
4. [Tyler]: The team should proceed with the release after the main convergence strategy is complete, even with the current permission requirements, and document them until the other team provides a fix.
5. [Calvin Christie]: Extensive testing on various document types has not been completed, which is a concern before a full release.
   - We have only tested on standard, already-ingested datasets.
6. [Tyler]: We need to handle cases where a file type is supported by Curation but not by the new viewer.
7. [Tyler]: Irina is a good resource for testing as she has tested ingestion pipelines with many different document types.
## 2. Conversational UX Feature Development
### Conclusion
The Conversational UX feature is higher priority than the Document Viewer. Work has already started on it, with Camille leading the effort and Calvin Christie providing support while Jeff is on leave for the rest of the year.
### Discussion Points
1. [Tyler]: The Conversational UX feature is a high-priority item that needs to be delivered by the end of the year.
2. [Calvin Christie]: Work has begun; Camille has started, and Calvin Christie will shift focus from the viewer to assist.
3. [Calvin Christie]: There was an unresolved discussion with Michael from UX about filtering attributes before Jeff went on leave.
## 3. Guardrails Error Handling
### Conclusion
The team identified a critical issue where guardrails blocking a question return a generic error instead of a specific one, causing user confusion. A ticket needs to be created to address this by implementing a distinct error code or status for guardrail-triggered failures.
### Discussion Points
1. [Calvin Christie]: Guardrails were enabled and then disabled because they prevented any questions from being answered successfully, even for previously tested agents and questions.
2. [Calvin Christie]: The system does not return a specific error code when a guardrail blocks an answer, making it indistinguishable from a standard system error for the user.
3. [Tyler]: The system used to return a specific message indicating a guardrail was triggered, but this functionality appears to be broken.
4. [Tyler]: The relationship between Agent Builder and guardrails has been tumultuous.
## 4. Q1/Q2 Roadmap Planning
### Conclusion
Tyler will finalize the Q1 and Q2 roadmaps this week or next. Calvin Christie expressed interest in prioritizing workspace-related items and offered to provide feedback and technical input during the planning process.
### Plan
- [ ] Finalize the Q1 and Q2 roadmaps. -- *Tyler* This week or next week
### Discussion Points
1. [Tyler]: The Q1 and Q2 roadmaps need to be finalized soon.
2. [Tyler]: Epics with customer feedback are being added to the Epic board as placeholders to aid prioritization alongside the backend team.
3. [Calvin Christie]: Itâ€™s important to continue collaborating closely with the Java team for joint planning and prioritization.
4. [Calvin Christie]: Offered to collaborate with Tyler on the roadmaps to provide feedback and discuss technical requirements, particularly for workspace features.
> **AI Suggestions**
> AI has identified the following issues that were not concluded in the meeting or lack clear action items; please pay attention:
> 1. **Guardrails Error Handling Needs an Action Plan:** The meeting confirmed that when guardrails block a user's question, a generic error is returned, causing significant user confusion. While a ticket was proposed, there is no assigned owner or timeline for creating it and implementing a fix to return a specific guardrail-related error message. This should be prioritized to improve user experience.
> 2. **Document Viewer Testing Lacks Specifics:** The team agreed to test the new document viewer with more file types (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc.). However, the plan lacks detail on who is responsible for sourcing or creating all the necessary test files (beyond reaching out to Irina), what the success criteria are for the tests, and a deadline for completing this comprehensive testing before the planned January release.
> 3. **Agent Name Change Impact is Unassigned:** A required change to the agent name was mentioned, which will likely need front-end changes to communicate validation rules to the user. This task was not assigned to anyone, and no ticket was created to track the necessary front-end and API enforcement work.
> 4. **Conversational UX Filtering Attributes Issue:** An unresolved discussion with the UX team regarding "filtering attributes" for the Conversational UX feature was mentioned. With Jeff out for the year, it's unclear who will take ownership of resolving this with UX to prevent it from becoming a blocker. A clear point of contact needs to be assigned to follow up.